Rework learning goals and make them consistent (#190)
Simulation-Software-Engineering/Lecture-Material: 04_documentation/README.md

Learning goals:

- Be aware that documentation is crucial in RSE.
- Understand that there is a difference between documentation and *good* documentation.
- Know the purpose and basic structure of several standard documentation building blocks (README, commit message, changelog, ...).

> - Read and write common lightweight markup languages and generate PDFs from them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Read and write common lightweight markup languages and generate PDF files from them.
```
